content/abstract-submission.md, before:

---
#date: "2016-05-05T21:48:51-07:00"
title: Abstract Submission
---
All proposals will be blind reviewed by members of the AHSN Review Panel. If you are interested in presenting at the conference, please submit a 250 word abstract with your name, e-mail address, and affiliation through the AHSN website submission portal at https://ahsn.org.au/abstracts/.  

Any other enquires regarding the event should also be addressed to 2021AHSN@gmail.com. 


### New Dates, New Model, Student Scholarships – important updates!!  
**3-4 February 2021***  
Massey University, Wellington Campus, Aotearoa New Zealand  
  *please note the change in dates from the original CFP  

**Final Extension – October 9 2020** 

Due to problems with the submissions section of the Association website, applicants may have encountered problems when trying to submit an abstract in the first few weeks of September. These problems have now been resolved, and in light of these problems the organising committee has decided to extend the submission period by an additional week.

In addition, thanks to a generous donation, we are able to offer additional student scholarships to cover registration fees for in person or online participation. 

Priority will be given to:
1.	Applicants from Māori, Pacific or Aboriginal backgrounds
2.	Those working in the area of humour and the workplace
3.	Women and underrepresented genders 

All students who submit abstracts will be deemed to have applied for these scholarships.

**Travel Update** 

Unfortunately, due to ongoing travel restrictions in response to the global pandemic, the organising committee for the 2021 AHSN conference has needed to reassess the status of the event. In light of recent outbreaks in both Australia and New Zealand, we are no longer confident that we will be able to host a TransTasman event in February of next year.

We have therefore made the difficult decision to split the conference into two interconnected events:
* The first will be a two-day physical meeting open to delegates resident in New Zealand.
* The second will be an online event for Australian and International delegates.

The online event will be primarily asynchronous in order to account for multiple time zones, but will also include additional synchronous discussion where possible. The conference will be planned to facilitate communication between the two interconnected events. A small registration fee will be charged for the virtual event, but this will be substantially less than that for the physical event.

In addition, with the establishment of an online component for the conference we are now happy to invite international presenters to virtually ‘attend’ the event.

Important dates

~~Submission of abstracts opens: 15 May 2020~~

~~Close of submissions considered for Research Scholarships: 1 September 2020~~

**Close of general submissions: 9 October 2020**

Notifications of acceptance: 31 October 2020

#### Call for Papers
Although often imagined to be aligned with the leisurely or the everyday—something to be pursued for its own sake and own pleasures—in practice, humour is often big business. Whether understood in terms of the international comedy industry, the role of humour in corporate contexts, or its instrumentalist application in a range of industries and activities, humour can be alternately lucrative or costly. Moreover, comedy is not just profitable, but also often shaped by profits as new technologies, institutions and economies change the way we laugh. From the rise of the Netflix stand-up comedy special to the advent of a new breed of online celebrity-comedians, shifts in political economy have had consequences not just for where and when we consume comedy, but also for the types of humour that circulate and which of them can find an audience.

For the 27th meeting of the Australasian Humour Studies Network, we would like to encourage presenters to follow the money, and consider the different ways in which humour can be thought to have either sold out or cashed up. How has humour been implicated in a wide range of business practices and cultures? How has humour been put to work to earn its keep? What changes have arisen from the increasing professionalisation of comedy? How might humour be implicated or understood in light of our wider economic context? 
**Please note that papers and presentations that do not directly address the theme of ‘Humour at Work’ are more than welcome. As the official conference of the AHSN, we welcome researchers working on any and all aspects of the study of humour. 

We would like to invite proposals for 20 minute presentations. We welcome contributors who hail from a broad range of disciplines and fields of study: media and cultural studies, linguistics, fine arts, psychology, communication, education, literary studies, politics and political science, business studies, history, geography, sociology, theatre and performance, to name a few.

We especially welcome papers from research students of their work in progress, and as usual there will be a limited number of scholarships awarded as registration fee waivers for the best student proposals.

We would also like to extend a particular welcome to contributors from outside the university, especially those who are involved in the production and distribution of comedy. 

The 2021 conference of the AHSN invites papers that explore the industrial and economic aspects of humour, including but not limited to:
* The political economics of comedy production and distribution
*	Joking about business and work
*	Humour’s relationship to wider political economic contexts
*	Applications of humour in workplace settings
*	Comedy as art, business and vocation
*	The professionalization of comedy
*	The role of humour in workplace cultures
*	Comedy industries and technologies

Commit message:

add registration link, close abstract submission

content/abstract-submission.md, after:

---
#date: "2016-05-05T21:48:51-07:00"
title: Abstract Submission
---

<h1 style = 'color: red'>Abstract submission is now closed</h1>
Registeration is now open!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All proposals will be blind reviewed by members of the AHSN Review Panel. If you are interested in presenting at the conference, please submit a 250 word abstract with your name, e-mail address, and affiliation through the AHSN website submission portal at https://ahsn.org.au/abstracts/.  

Any other enquires regarding the event should also be addressed to 2021AHSN@gmail.com. 


### New Dates, New Model, Student Scholarships – important updates!!  
**3-4 February 2021***  
Massey University, Wellington Campus, Aotearoa New Zealand  
  *please note the change in dates from the original CFP  

**Final Extension – October 9 2020** 

Due to problems with the submissions section of the Association website, applicants may have encountered problems when trying to submit an abstract in the first few weeks of September. These problems have now been resolved, and in light of these problems the organising committee has decided to extend the submission period by an additional week.

In addition, thanks to a generous donation, we are able to offer additional student scholarships to cover registration fees for in person or online participation. 

Priority will be given to:
1.	Applicants from Māori, Pacific or Aboriginal backgrounds
2.	Those working in the area of humour and the workplace
3.	Women and underrepresented genders 

All students who submit abstracts will be deemed to have applied for these scholarships.

**Travel Update** 

Unfortunately, due to ongoing travel restrictions in response to the global pandemic, the organising committee for the 2021 AHSN conference has needed to reassess the status of the event. In light of recent outbreaks in both Australia and New Zealand, we are no longer confident that we will be able to host a TransTasman event in February of next year.

We have therefore made the difficult decision to split the conference into two interconnected events:
* The first will be a two-day physical meeting open to delegates resident in New Zealand.
* The second will be an online event for Australian and International delegates.

The online event will be primarily asynchronous in order to account for multiple time zones, but will also include additional synchronous discussion where possible. The conference will be planned to facilitate communication between the two interconnected events. A small registration fee will be charged for the virtual event, but this will be substantially less than that for the physical event.

In addition, with the establishment of an online component for the conference we are now happy to invite international presenters to virtually ‘attend’ the event.

Important dates

~~Submission of abstracts opens: 15 May 2020~~

~~Close of submissions considered for Research Scholarships: 1 September 2020~~

~~Close of general submissions: 9 October 2020~~

~~Notifications of acceptance: 31 October 2020~~

#### Call for Papers
Although often imagined to be aligned with the leisurely or the everyday—something to be pursued for its own sake and own pleasures—in practice, humour is often big business. Whether understood in terms of the international comedy industry, the role of humour in corporate contexts, or its instrumentalist application in a range of industries and activities, humour can be alternately lucrative or costly. Moreover, comedy is not just profitable, but also often shaped by profits as new technologies, institutions and economies change the way we laugh. From the rise of the Netflix stand-up comedy special to the advent of a new breed of online celebrity-comedians, shifts in political economy have had consequences not just for where and when we consume comedy, but also for the types of humour that circulate and which of them can find an audience.

For the 27th meeting of the Australasian Humour Studies Network, we would like to encourage presenters to follow the money, and consider the different ways in which humour can be thought to have either sold out or cashed up. How has humour been implicated in a wide range of business practices and cultures? How has humour been put to work to earn its keep? What changes have arisen from the increasing professionalisation of comedy? How might humour be implicated or understood in light of our wider economic context? 
**Please note that papers and presentations that do not directly address the theme of ‘Humour at Work’ are more than welcome. As the official conference of the AHSN, we welcome researchers working on any and all aspects of the study of humour. 

We would like to invite proposals for 20 minute presentations. We welcome contributors who hail from a broad range of disciplines and fields of study: media and cultural studies, linguistics, fine arts, psychology, communication, education, literary studies, politics and political science, business studies, history, geography, sociology, theatre and performance, to name a few.

We especially welcome papers from research students of their work in progress, and as usual there will be a limited number of scholarships awarded as registration fee waivers for the best student proposals.

We would also like to extend a particular welcome to contributors from outside the university, especially those who are involved in the production and distribution of comedy. 

The 2021 conference of the AHSN invites papers that explore the industrial and economic aspects of humour, including but not limited to:
* The political economics of comedy production and distribution
*	Joking about business and work
*	Humour’s relationship to wider political economic contexts
*	Applications of humour in workplace settings
*	Comedy as art, business and vocation
*	The professionalization of comedy
*	The role of humour in workplace cultures
*	Comedy industries and technologies
